Tests (#282)
oasis-tcs/csaf: csaf_2.0/prose/csaf-v2-editor-draft.md

> The required element `baseSeverity` is missing.

> > A tool MAY add one or more of the missing properties `version`, `baseScore` and `baseSeverity` based on the values given in `vectorString` as quick fix.

Reviewer: The prior wording `implement add one or more of …` read like copy-pasta (which I am sure it was not, but …) 
A sentence with a `MAY` Is often hard to read especially when additional layers of `potential only application`  join that keyword.
My understanding is, that in this and similar phrases about tools (proxy actors) a capability of the proxy is given permission to exist per this spec but that these phrases IMO try to achieve too much.
I propose to rely on the fearsome power of the `MAY` and state the possible actions without any `implements` addition (just removing the word).

Author: > The prior wording `implement add one or more of …` read like copy-pasta 

You are completely right.

> (which I am sure it was not, but …)

Sorry about that - but it looks like it was :wink: 

> I propose to rely on the fearsome power of the `MAY` and state the possible actions without any `implements` addition (just removing the word).

Thank you for the suggestion. It makes it much easier to read. There was only one (`implement the recommendation`) which I was not sure how to replace that one... Do you have an idea or is that fine as it doesn't have multiple layers?

Reviewer: W.r.t. an enhancement for `implement the recommendation` I suggest to de-noun-ify and try to form a statement starting with `MAY recommend …` taking the perspective of the tool changing, or if the `recommendation` Is a jungle of interwoven statements, maybe flatten into a list of possible actions.

If the `recommendation` Is not actionable, this will not work, but then how shall the tool implement?

I hope this helps.

Author: Sure. Possibly solved in 531e172.

### 4.3.7 Use of self referencing URLs Failing to Resolve

> For each item in an array of type `references_t` with the category `self` it must be tested that the URL referenced resolves with a HTTP status code less than 400.

Reviewer: Hm, I would trade the elegance of the less than operator for the clarity of excluding the informative HTTP response codes of the 100 family. I think we want to say that the URL is in fact dereference-able. Maybe a `Continue`, `Processing`, or similar is not helpful.

Author: Possibly resolved in f67d3b4.

> A text file satisfies the "CSAF document" conformance profile if the text file:

Author: Related to ???:

```suggestion
A text file or data stream satisfies the "CSAF document" conformance profile if it:
```

* conforms to the syntax and semantics defined in section 3.
* satisfies at least one profile defined in section 4.
* does not fail any mandatory test defined in section 5.1.

### 8.1.2 Conformance Clause 2: CSAF producer

A program satisfies the "CSAF producer" conformance profile if the program:

> * produces output in the CSAF format, according to the syntax and semantics defined in section 3. The output MUST satisfies at least one profile defined in section 4 and MUST NOT not fail any mandatory test defined in section 5.1.

Author: @sthagen I was wondering whether we could reference Conformance Clause 1 here. I guess that would be easier to read.

Reviewer: Back referencing a conformance clause inside the conformance section itself is very good service to the reader and IMO fully compatible with any OASIS expectation on the conformance section. Please go ahead with that approach. Thanks for identifying. Does that mean in this case that conformance clause 2 extends clause 1?

Author: What about the following:

```suggestion
* produces output in the CSAF format, according to the conformance profile "CSAF document" .
```

However, I guess we should remove the text file part in conformance clause 1.
